everybody welcome to church it's good to be with you all of you that have gathered in the room and those of you watching online you could be anywhere and you're here you're joining us and we're so glad that you are here and I'm telling you everybody you picked a good day to be in church this is also the weekend that I say no mascara because it's baptism weekend and our eyes are about to be blessed
in what we are going to see, yes?
But before we get there, we're going to worship together.
Worship a God who loves us, who is for us, who meets us exactly as we came in.
So let's stand to our feet.
I say it all the time.
The sun's powerful happens, so we worship together.
Come on!
Thank you for today in this gift that you've given to us, Jesus, another day.
Lord, it is good to be together.
It is good to be praising your name in this place, Jesus, and we just want you to be a part of everything that is going on here.
So Jesus, we invite you here.
We invite you into this place, this church, into each and every one of us, Lord, and we just ask God,
and do something good in our lives today, God.
Continue that work that you truly have started in each and every one of us.
So Jesus, we invite you here.
We need you, Jesus, in our lives.
So come and do something good, something beautiful.
We love you, Jesus, and we pray this all in your precious name.
Amen.
Amen church grab a seat
Hey everyone, what a weekend to be in church.
In fact, I'd argue there is maybe no better weekend.
Last couple of years, we have put our baptism service on the same weekend as the Super Bowl because honestly, this is better than the Super Bowl.
And that's coming from me.
Maybe you know this, maybe you don't, but because I grew up in the state of Washington, I have been a lifelong Seattle Seahawks fan.
Let me just say a heartfelt thank you to all of you Minnesota Vikings fans for our quarterback Sam Darnold.
God bless Sam Darnold.
God bless the Seattle Seahawks.
All right.
All right, me.
Maybe you've seen this trend of women putting worship music to videos of their significant others celebrating during a football game, kind of a trend on TikTok.
Take a look at this.
Listen, I show that because if that's how you're going to be watching football later, your one job today is to bring that same energy, passion and excitement to this church today because today hundreds of people are stepping into these baptism waters to publicly declare their faith in Jesus Christ and we are here to celebrate.
But yes.
But there is another group here today, a group of people that didn't plan on coming to get baptized.
They don't have a change of clothes, no towel, no expectation, but our prayer has been from the moment that you walked in or joined us online, that God would start whispering, nudging, stirring something in your heart.
And that at some point today, you're going to decide, I'm getting baptized.
Now maybe you're still trying to figure out what baptism really is, whether it's even necessary or why it matters, maybe something has even been blocking you from fully hearing what God says about it.
Or maybe you didn't even realize that something was missing at all, but today your eyes and your ears are about to be opened.
That happened to me recently in a very literal way.
Earlier this year, I went in for a full physical.
Two days, every test imaginable.
Thankfully, everything came back mostly healthy, positive.
At the very end, my doctor casually said, did you know you have a ton of earwax?
I said, no, I don't.
I cleaned my ears that morning.
That was true.
He asked with what?
I said with Q-tips.
Now, he looked at me like I had just confessed a crime.
He said Q-tips are the worst things you can use in your ears.
They don't clean your ears, they pack the wax in deeper.
Now they should write that on the box, at least in bigger print, apparently it is on the box, but fine print now, apparently too, the entire world knows that Q-tips are a scam for cleaning out the earwax in your ears except for me.
So they scheduled me for this very glamorous follow-up appointment called Earwax Removal.
Sounds like I'm joking, I'm not.
They put some hot water, high-powered vacuum, TV monitor so I could actually watch this microscopic camera, clean it all out, and I'll spare showing you the video of this.
But guess what?
This is true, immediately I could hear better.
For years, I've been asking my wife, Emily, to speak up.
It turns out there was something blocking my ability to hear, and I didn't even know it.
See, I wanna suggest today,
that for many people when it comes to baptism, something similar is happening.
There's something blocking your ability to clearly hear and understand God's invitation to get baptized, not because you're resistant, not because you're hard-hearted, but because perhaps something unknowingly has been in the way.
And today is about removing whatever is blocking that step for some of you, today is the day.
that you step into these waters and declare, I can hear now.
I get it.
Jesus has changed my life and I'm not turning back.
Today is the day that you are gonna leave the old life behind and walk out of here spiritually refreshed, renewed, and transformed in Christ.
I wanna take us to Acts chapter two, found in the New Testament right after the four gospels.
And we're gonna take a look at the very first baptism service after Jesus died and rose again.
See, after the resurrection, Jesus spent 40 days appearing to his followers.
We're told in the Bible that over 500 eyewitnesses saw him alive, but then he ascended back into heaven.
And that's the moment that we're stepping into in Acts chapter two.
His followers have gathered in Jerusalem for quite some time.
They're praying and worshiping and asking many of the same questions that maybe we're asking today, what is God doing?
Why am I here and what do I do next?
Well, as disciples were gathered, we turn to Acts two, verse two.
And it says, suddenly a sound like a blowing wind came from heaven and filled the whole house where they were sitting.
So what's happening is the Holy Spirit, the undeniable presence of God starts to fill the room.
And this powerful sound of prayer and worship breaks out in the commotion, the noise draws a crowd.
And so more people start
gathering, and then something even more supernatural happens.
Even though the disciples are speaking in their own native language, every person in the crowd can understand what's being prayed, sung, and spoken no matter what language they personally spoke.
And so this moment becomes known as Pentecost.
It's the day that the disciples were filled with the Holy Spirit and the day the church was born.
But not everyone responds with awe.
Acts 2, 13 says, somehow I've made fun of them and said they have had too much wine.
They are thinking, how can I understand what that person is saying?
I don't even speak their language.
Something must be off.
And so Peter, one of the disciples, stands up with the other disciples and says, listen carefully, these people aren't drunk.
It's only 9 a.m. in the morning.
No one is drunk at the 9 a.m. service.
11 a.m. maybe, okay?
But not the 9.
Peter goes on in verse 22, 23, and says, Jesus of Nazareth was a man accredited by God to you by miracles, wonders, and signs which God did among you through him.
And he's saying, as you yourselves know, this man Jesus was handed over to you by God's deliberate plan and foreknowledge.
And you with the help of wicked men put him to death by nailing him to the cross.
Now that this crowd has
gathered, he said, you've seen this guy.
You saw him alive.
You saw the teaching, the healing, the miracles.
And you were maybe also there when he was crucified.
Perhaps you were among the ones who were laughing, mocking, yelling to crucify him.
Peter continues verse 24, but God raised Jesus from the dead, freeing him from the agony of death because it was impossible for death.
to keep his hold on him.
And then in verse 32, and we are all witnesses of it.
It's been 50 days.
He's saying, you saw Jesus alive even after he had died.
You felt his power and his presence.
You know what he has done.
You know what he can do.
And so Peter continues, God has made this Jesus, whom you crucified both Lord and Messiah.
And when the people heard this, they were cut.
to the heart, in other words, they felt like God was speaking right to them.
Let me ask you, do you believe Jesus is who he says he is?
Do you believe that Jesus was crucified and died so that you could receive the forgiveness of sin?
Do you believe that he rose from the dead to prove that death does not get the final say?
That through faith in him, we receive the promise of eternal life.
Do you believe that Jesus now, through the Holy Spirit, lives within you and among us?
And they did.
In verse 37, they said to Peter and the other apostles, brothers, brothers, what shall we do?
Peter replied, repent and be baptized.
Every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the forgiveness of your sins.
So if you have put your faith in Jesus, whether that happens today,
happened last month or years ago and you have not been baptized in our one job.
Our next step as a follower of Jesus is to be baptized.
That's what they did.
Those who accepted his message were baptized and about 3,000 were added to their number that day.
Almost every time in scripture, when someone believes and puts their trust, their faith in Jesus Christ, the very next step is baptism.
So what is God saying to you right now?
What shall you do?
Well, let me give you three reasons why you should get baptized today.
The first is delayed obedience is still disobedience.
One of the most frustrating things about being a parent is when your kids say, I'll take care of it.
When are you gonna clean your room?
I'll take care of it.
When are you gonna do the dishes?
When are you gonna deal with that smell?
Yeah, yeah, I'll take care of it.
But as parents, what we quickly learn is that I'll take care of it could be in the next hour, the next day, or sometime in the next decade.
So for everyone's sanity, kids, and honestly, for parents and adults too, we need a few clear deadlines and maybe a couple reminders.
Same thing happens when it comes to baptism.
Many of you have thought, yeah, one day, I'll take care of it.
You believe in Jesus, you've committed to follow Him, but for some reason, when it comes to baptism, you've said someday, just not now.
So, when?
Let me lovingly say, today should be your day because delayed obedience is still disobedience.
Now, one of the reasons that people hesitate, some people hesitate is because they were baptized as infants.
But instead of letting that be a hindrance, can I encourage you be grateful?
That means your parents cared enough about you to want you to be raised in faith, but Scripture also makes clear.
that you should still be baptized once you're old enough to decide for yourself why a couple reasons.
First, infants were never baptized in scripture.
It was a practice that was introduced by the church in those first early centuries.
And next, every baptism we see in the Bible happens after someone personally puts their faith in Jesus, meaning they were old enough to make a heart and mind decision.
And last, the word for baptized in the Greek is this word baptism.
which means to immerse, submerge, or dip.
There's a spiritual reality to a willing person being fully immersed in water.
Now to be clear.
God knows that physical limitations exist, so if all you're able to do is have water poured on you.
God is so much bigger than that.
In fact, some of those powerful baptisms that I personally experience are those where people for a variety of reasons can only have water
poured on them.
But if any of those reasons resonate with you, even if you were baptized as an infant like me, again, be grateful.
Just don't let it become a reason to delay obedience.
I know we might have some concern about disappointing our family, but this step of baptism is ultimately about honoring God.
So if you sense that nudge,
That prompting, especially if you've never been baptized before, today is your day.
You are here.
We've got a pool right behind me.
We're ready now for you.
You're ready.
Let's go.
Okay, next point.
Second reason to get baptized is this.
Baptism is a public declaration of faith and salvation.
Baptism is the act of declaring to friends, family, the world, and ultimately God that you have been
Saved baptism does not save a person.
So begs the question, what does save a person?
Well, it's faith in Christ, period.
And before we go any further, I understand that some of us may not fully comprehend what it means to have faith in Jesus or what the gospel truly is.
And I want to make sure we all know because it's really good news.
And I want to make sure you understand.
However, before we can fully understand the good news, we also have to understand the bad news.
And here is the bad news.
Romans 3.23 says, all have sinned and fallen short of God's standard.
Most of us would not argue with that.
We lie, we deceive, we lose our patience, we yell bad things at the TV.
When the Super Bowl winning quarterback could have been ours,
We get really frustrated with that.
And what does that sin earn us?
Romans 6, 23 says, for the wages of sin is death.
A wage is something we earn.
The Bible says what we've earned because of our sin is death.
And ultimately, that means separation from a holy God.
God is perfect.
And sin has to be dealt with.
That's bad news.
That brings us to the good news.
Romans 5, 8 says, God demonstrates His own love for us in this.
While we were still sinners, Christ died for us.
You and I deserve punishment for our sin, but Jesus, He didn't deserve the punishment.
He was sinless.
And yet Jesus willingly gave up His life.
Again, no one took it from Him.
He did that to take the punishment that we deserved.
He died in our place.
One of the reason that people hesitate to get baptized is because they think they got to take care of all the sin.
I've just got too much sin in my life.
I've got to be sinless before I step into those baptism waters, but here's the truth.
While we were still sinners, Christ died for us.
That means while we were still sinners, you can step into these baptism waters.
In Romans 10, 9, it concludes as if you confess with your mouth and believe in your heart that God raised Jesus from the dead, you will be saved.
Again, you are not saved by being good enough.
by checking the religious boxes.
You're not saved by that.
You're not saved by stepping into these baptism waters.
No, the Bible is crystal clear.
There is one way to be saved.
It's by placing your faith, your trust in Jesus Christ.
It's believing that He died in your place to pay the penalty for your sin that you deserve.
And then we live out that faith by choosing to follow Him to the very best of our ability for the rest
of our days.
So let me ask you, have you done that?
Have you put your faith in Jesus?
Have you decided to make him Lord and King of your life?
If you haven't, I'm gonna give you an opportunity in just a few moments just to confess with your mouth and believe in your heart to pray along silently with me.
But if you're someone who's already put your faith in Jesus while your salvation is secure, this next step of baptism, it's not
It's not a suggestion, it's not optional.
In fact, it's a teaching, a command found all throughout scripture.
It comes with this assumption that baptism always accompanied faith in Jesus.
As Jason taught last week, Jesus' great commission to all of his followers was this in Matthew 28 and 19, therefore go and make disciples.
Disciples is someone who follows in the footsteps of Jesus.
Are you a disciple and are you making disciples?
This says of all nations, every tongue, every tribe, every ethnicity, all people are created in the image of God.
This is baptizing them in the name of the Father, the Son of the Holy Spirit.
Baptism is part of that great commission.
I get it.
If you're not a Christian, baptism can appear to be one of the weirder things we do, all right?
Well, why are all these people going in and out of the water?
What are my friends gonna think?
What's my family gonna say?
Or maybe you're even thinking?
I've been a Christian for quite a long time.
I want to be weird if I get baptized now.
People might think I should have done this years ago.
And let me just set you free.
Nobody will be thinking that.
Everyone here and online will only be celebrating with you.
So if God has changed your life, if you've experienced the hope of Jesus Christ,
If Jesus has done something in you that you just can't deny then today, an obedience to Jesus, your step is to publicly declare your faith and salvation through baptism.
Take the bold step.
Third and final reason to get baptized today is it's time to remove what's holding you back.
Is there something in you that is blocking your ability
to really understand God's invitation.
Or maybe another question is, there's something that's blocking your ability to experience complete freedom in Christ, not perfection, but more freedom.
Hebrews 12.1 says, therefore, since we are surrounded by such a great cloud of witnesses, let us throw off everything that hinders in the sin that so easily intangles.
What if this was the step that you needed to take to finally throw off what's been holding you back?
What if today was the day that you allowed God to remove the weight, the power of that sin, the fear, the shame by taking the step of obedience through baptism?
Look how Paul describes baptism in Romans 6.
He says, don't you know that all of us who were baptized into Christ Jesus were baptized into his death?
We were therefore buried with him through baptism into death.
In order that, catch this, just as Christ was raised from the dead through the glory of the Father, we too may live a new life.
Paul is saying here is that baptism is a powerful symbol of what Jesus has already done for us through faith.
When we go
Under the water, it symbolizes that our sin has been buried with Christ.
The power of that sin no longer owns us.
And then when we rise up out of the water, it symbolizes that we have been raised to new life, washed clean, given a fresh start, empowered to a new future.
Not because we are good, not because we'll never sin again, but because of Jesus.
He took our sin and gave us His righteousness.
He paid the penalty that we deserve.
And so through His death, burial, and resurrection, we are offered forgiveness, freedom, and new life.
Maybe there's a sin that you struggle to overcome.
Maybe there's a stronghold that just keeps pulling you backward.
His fear, shame, maybe it's lust, addiction, regret.
Maybe 2025, it's just a year you desperately wanna leave behind.
And so let me say this as clearly and lovingly as I can.
For some of you, the reason that you haven't experienced that kind of breakthrough yet, because you haven't taken the step of obedience.
So what if today was the day that God would pour out his spirit on you in a fresh way?
What if today was the day that you could mark as a significant spiritual moment in your life?
What if today was the day that you could look back a year from now and say, that was a day that changed everything?
What if today?
Again, there's nothing magical about these waters.
But there is something significant that happens in our relationship with God when we take this step of obedience and allow Him to remove whatever is holding us back.
Just like Andy and Cassie.
who decided to get baptized last year during this very same service and said, we walked through the door to the pool and up the ladder.
When we entered the water, she said, I felt a calm come over me.
This was meant to be.
This is what we were supposed to do as husband and wife together.
This is where we leave the darkest part of our lives and promise to work on us to bring Jesus into our lives more than ever.
Or like Caitlin, who said she grew up praying to and worshiping the devil.
But through her science class, she came to believe that God was the creator of the universe.
So she picked up a Bible to learn what Jesus had to say, gave her life to him, and then last year she was baptized, along with her young son, pushing back against the darkness.
Or Leon, who got baptized last year and said, I had no idea.
My life was about to change.
The moment I sat down, I felt this tug in my heart.
I could feel the Holy Spirit almost take over my body as I tried to talk myself out of it.
He said, I gave myself every excuse not to go.
I even asked God for one more sign.
I counted down from five in my head and at that exact moment, I felt a light squeeze in my wife's hand.
From the moment I left my seat until I stepped into the water, it was the most spiritual thing I've ever experienced.
Just like the crowd was asking in Acts two, what shall we do?
Hands are there, repent, put your faith in Jesus and be baptized.
So we're gonna give you a chance to do just that, just that.
If you've never put your faith in Jesus before, I'm gonna lead you in a prayer just to pray along with me.
But if you're someone who already has it and you haven't taken the step of baptism, again, you've heard me say it today is your day.
There's no excuse.
We've actually thought of everything.
Clothes, towels, the water is actually quite warm, it feels lovely.
We're ready for you.
Now the only question is, will you take this step of obedience?
So after we pray, we're gonna watch the story of Keegan, who took a similar step.
And then your campus pastor is going to explain what happens next.
But before I get there, if you're someone who isn't ready to take this step of baptism, please hear me also say, that's okay.
But if you're ready to put your faith in Jesus, I would strongly urge you to prayerfully consider and text the word begin.
to 77888 so we can give you some resources and help you follow Jesus in this journey of faith.
Let's all pray.
Heavenly Father, we love you.
Man, we love you.
I'm just so grateful.
My heart is so full.
The gospel is really good news.
We don't deserve it.
We haven't done anything to earn it.
And yet you sent your son Jesus to die for us, to give us your righteousness.
Thank you for that truth.
For those who want to put their faith in Jesus, just pray silently along with me, Jesus, I'm putting my trust in you.
I'm putting my faith in you.
I don't even fully understand it, but what I want is to receive the forgiveness of my sin through what you accomplished on the cross, by the fact that you rose from the dead, overcame the grave.
God, I receive the promise of eternal life.
And I'm gonna do my best to follow you, to trust you, to obey you.
I put my faith in you right now.
And for everyone here, for those who are getting baptized, bless them, God, just what an obedient step.
I pray there would be a moment in their lives that they would never forget.
They would be reminded of the gospel truth that you have saved them by your grace through faith.
There's nothing they can do to earn it and that they would experience real freedom.
And for those who are still wondering,
considering, God, I pray that you remove every excuse and let this be a day.
They didn't expect to happen, but God, that they would step into these waters and choose to get baptized.
Pray this all in Jesus' name.
Amen.
In the middle of the storm, you think you have it under control
Everyone else around you's doing the same things you're doing, so it's all under control, but in reality, it really wasn't.
I was out of control.
Hi, my name is Keegan Rosette.
I'm recovering alcoholic.
I've been sober now for four years.
I grew up in Inoka, Minnesota.
My childhood dreams were to be a doctor and help people.
From the outside looking in, I had a great image, you know, a kid growing up on a golf course, great house, great family, graduated with high honors.
But there was a lot of pressures to succeed.
In my youth, I was stubborn.
I thought I had it all figured out and I didn't care what anyone else had to say about it.
So after graduating high school, I got a golf scholarship to Morris.
It's a very small town, rural community, and going from a graduating class of 650 people to a town that had what I felt like was no one, and the only way to meet people or partake in getting to know people was drinking.
I lost kind of focus on my original goals of becoming a doctor, and I just fell into the wrong crowd really quickly.
isolated and alone and I just realized I wasn't in a great place and so I transferred schools to Winona State.
I felt an immediate connection once I got to Winona State but I quickly fell back into the trap of drinking you know Friday Saturday Sunday and just living for the weekend and oh man yeah it's waking up stressed and anxious shaky from the night before being hungover for
more days out of the week than not.
In my senior year, I got a DWI.
That was probably what I thought was the worst of it all.
But did that stop me from continuing to drink?
No.
The time for me when things really came to fruition was I was out with my brother.
I couldn't even stand up on my own two feet at the time.
Somehow I'd like passed out at the side of the police station.
And I just remember waking up to these people in a
asking if I needed to help in a ride home.
And then the next day I was like, I can't keep doing this life.
Like, this is getting old.
I need some serious help.
And so that was the day like I started making some serious changes in my life.
There came a point probably five years ago where my mom was attending the Blaine campus and she just reached out to me and I said yes to going and
I just remember going to Eaglebrook for the first time and crying, although my big behaviors didn't change initially.
I think the seed was planted for something different.
Four years ago, I started volunteering here at the Noka campus.
I was an auditorium host.
And so I got the opportunity to help out with a lot of the baptisms.
And I quickly saw that the amazing experiences people were having.
And I always felt this like,
burning desire in my heart like, you should probably do this.
But I just kept putting it off and off.
But then this past baptism down at like Johanna, there was the opportunity to get baptized again.
My girlfriend now, she was like, oh, you should probably do this.
And I'm like, yeah, you're right.
And lo and behold, I was asked to share my story.
And yeah, I just couldn't turn this opportunity down.
It was an amazing experience.
I, of course, was, you know, nervous.
I probably read my message a thousand times.
But yeah, it just goes back to, you know, if you could just help one person, it made it all worth it.
What I thought life was all about in my past, which is, you know, career, money, all the success is so much different now.
Today, my life is filled with grace.
God brought me a beautiful woman and her four beautiful children into my life.
I pray daily.
I'm in Bible study.
I volunteer.
I feel closer to God than I ever felt before.
So, this baptism isn't just a symbol.
It's a statement of surrender, of gratitude, of a new life.
And I thank you all for being here to witness it.
Let's go, baby!
Thank you, Eric.
Thank you for challenging me to step up to my comfort zone to God.
Thank you for saving me and to anyone out there struggling.
Don't give up on your dreams.
God might have a different plan for you, but I promise it'll be better than on your own.
So thank you.
Hey everyone, my name's Jeff.
I'm the online campus pastor and for some of you, it might not be too late.
If a campus near you has another service, today could still be your day and it would be our honor to baptize you.
You know, when people register to get baptized, we ask them to share the story of what brought them to this moment and one of my favorite traditions has been to sit down with a cup of coffee and just read through them.
The backgrounds people come from, the circumstances they've gone through, the way that God has worked in their life.
It is powerful stuff and it reminds me that God is still transforming lives of people every single day at our church.
From elderly people coming to faith later in life to the massive amount of young people who have turned from the lie that culture tells them on how they should live.
From elementary age kids who grew up with Christian parents who taught them how much Jesus loves them.
Our hope for the rest of our time together is to capture the moment that all of their stories culminate, and they declare that they are followers of Jesus through baptism.
Like it says in Romans 6, 3, that we were buried with Christ
through baptism, in order that just as Christ was raised from the dead by the glory of the Father, that we might too walk in the newness of life.
For if we have been united with Him in a death like His, we will certainly be united with Him in a resurrection like His.
This is the gospel.
And we get to watch it play out for the rest of our time together.
And our goal is to give you just a glimpse of the scope of what is happening this weekend at our church.
We're going to pop in from campus to campus and share some personal stories of those who are getting baptized.
Here we go.
Thank you.
Just a moment, Mac is going to get baptized and I want to share with you some of his story.
Mac grew up here at Eaglebrook going through our kids ministry, knowing about God and believing in him was normal and he had solid Christian parents who encouraged him in his faith.
But later into his teens and early twenties, he was enticed by what our culture says will lead to a fulfilling life.
He had a phrase that he would say that I believe in God, but I don't act like it.
He chased after money and drugs and late into his teens, he got his girlfriend pregnant, and then he hit rock bottom.
Overcome by his sin, feeling empty and stuck and at his lowest, his mom told him that God still loved him right where he was at.
He felt like he couldn't accept it.
He had been selfish and unlovable, made terrible choices that hurt everyone around him, and even in that place,
God met him where he was and he took him from that place and brought him to where he is today.
Far from perfect, but intentionally pursuing a deeper relationship with God and having his life transformed every single day.
And today, Mac is declaring his faith by getting baptized.
Courtney grew up in a very atheist household.
No talk about God or faith, resistant to religion.
Courtney lived out the only thing that she knew, which was pursuing what she thought would make her happy.
She got pregnant and was engaged to be married, but as the date grew closer, they had a falling out.
And this spiraled her into wanting to numb the pain with alcohol and drugs.
And the father of her kids saw that she was struggling and invited her to church with him.
She came to Eaglebrook and she loved it, bought her very own Bible, started reading about it, thinking about it, and about a year ago, Courtney became a follower of Jesus and her life has been totally transformed.
And the person that invited her was Mac from the story that I told earlier.
God is in the business of finding us wherever we are and bringing lost people back home.
And today, Courtney is declaring her faith in Jesus by getting back home.
Hey, thanks for hanging out this weekend and cheering on everyone who got baptized.
Would you just join me as we close today's service and prayer?
God, I thank you for what you're doing in the lives of so many people.
I thank you for what you're doing here at our church.
May we never grow tired of seeing the declaration of a changed life through baptism.
May you be with every person who took that step this weekend.
Would you be near to them, encouraging them, strengthening them and supporting them?
Would you remind the rest of us of the commitment that we made to you, that we've died to our sin, that we've become alive in you through the power of your Holy Spirit?
Thank you for your faithfulness in our lives.
We love you, and in Jesus' name we pray.
Amen.
Well, hey, thanks for being with us, and we will see you next weekend.